pnpm, pnpx: add page (#5863)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pnpx.md

# pnpx

> Directly execute binaries from npm packages, using `pnpm` instead of `npm`.
> More information: <https://pnpm.io/pnpx-cli>.

- Execute the binary from a given npm module:

`pnpx {{module_name}}`

- Execute a specific binary from a given npm module, in case the module has multiple binaries:

> `pnpx --package {{package_name}} {{module_name}}`

Reviewer: This is confusing. The language in the example talks about binaries, but then it mentions a package name in the example? :thinking:

Reviewer 2: @sbrl We have the same example in the `npx` page https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/common/npx.md

Reviewer: Ah, ok. I must not be as familiar with npx as I thought :woman_shrugging:

> - Show help:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```

# pnpx

> > Execute binaries from `npm` packages.
> > Uses PNPM instead of NPM to execute packages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Directly execute binaries from npm packages, using `pnpm` instead of `npm`.
```

> More information: <https://pnpm.io/pnpx-cli>.

- Execute the binary from a given npm module:

`pnpx {{module_name}}`

> - In case a package has multiple binaries, specify the package name along with the binary:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Execute a specific binary from a given npm module, in case the module has multiple binaries:
```

> `pnpx -p {{package_name}} {{module_name}}`

Reviewer 4: Is there a long option for `-p`?

Author: long option?

Reviewer 4: I mean `--package`.

Author: Yeah it do have `--package` for `-p`

> - View help contents:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Show help:
```
This is what we use in most other pages.
